Update ADF guide with new Azure provider modules (#384)
astronomer/airflow-guides: guides/airflow-azure-data-factory-integration.md

    },
    default_view="graph",
) as dag:
    begin = EmptyOperator(task_id="begin")
    end = EmptyOperator(task_id="end")

    # [START howto_operator_adf_run_pipeline]
    run_pipeline1: BaseOperator = AzureDataFactoryRunPipelineOperator(
        task_id="run_pipeline1",
        pipeline_name="pipeline1",
        parameters={"myParam": "value"},
    )
    # [END howto_operator_adf_run_pipeline]

    # [START howto_operator_adf_run_pipeline_async]
    run_pipeline2: BaseOperator = AzureDataFactoryRunPipelineOperator(
        task_id="run_pipeline2",
        pipeline_name="pipeline2",
        wait_for_termination=False,
    )

    pipeline_run_sensor: BaseOperator = AzureDataFactoryPipelineRunStatusSensor(
        task_id="pipeline_run_sensor",
        run_id=run_pipeline2.output["run_id"],
    )
    # [END howto_operator_adf_run_pipeline_async]

    begin >> Label("No async wait") >> run_pipeline1
    begin >> Label("Do async wait with sensor") >> run_pipeline2
    [run_pipeline1, pipeline_run_sensor] >> end
```

![Graph View](https://assets2.astronomer.io/main/guides/azure-data-factory/multiple_adf_pipeline_graph.png)

> Note that this DAG requires an Airflow connection (`azure_data_factory`) to connect to your Azure instance and ADF. The connection requires the following information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that this DAG requires an `azure_data_factory` [Airflow connection](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/concepts/connections.html. The connection requires the following information:
```

Reviewer: Replace the link here with our own Connections guide if you think that can stand on its own as a reference.

- Tenant ID 
- Subscription ID
- Resource Group
- Factory
- Client ID
- Client secret

They should be entered into the connection form like this:

![Airflow ADF Connection](https://assets2.astronomer.io/main/guides/azure-data-factory/adf_airflow_connection.png)

> 

Reviewer: Instead of using a screenshot here I would use a code fence to write out the **Extras** sections so that it's copyable and accessible to screen readers. You can probably just remove the screenshot entirely in this case

> The Client ID is the login, Client Secret is the password, and the rest are JSON-formatted extras.

Reviewer: Can you move this info into the bullet points? So it would be like:

- **Login**: Your Azure Client ID
- **Password**: Your Azure Client secret
- etc
